docs: correct auth jwt role requirements (#27384)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/upgrading/upgrade-to-1.16.x.mdx

Refer to the [LDAP auth method (API)](/vault/api-docs/auth/ldap) page for
more details on the configuration.

### JWT auth login requires bound audiences on the role

JWT auth roles of type "jwt" require the `bound_audiences` claim to match at
least one of the JWT's `aud` claims. Prior to 1.16.3, the JWT auth method would

> ignore token `aud` claims that were not a list of strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ignore token `aud` claims that were not a list of strings. Starting from 1.16.3, 
it would ignore token `aud` claims that are not a single audience string or a list of strings.
```
I think we should state what changed from 1.16.3. My wording might be confusing here.

Author: I think the previous sentence makes that clear. Maybe we can get the education team's input on this? That said, I think your wording should say something like

> Starting from 1.16.3, token `aud` claims can be a single string or a list of strings and they must match at least one of the role's `bound_audiences.

But then maybe the next paragraph should be reworked?

cc @schavis

Reviewer: I think saying this could be misleading. 
> Starting from 1.16.3, token `aud` claims can be a single string or a list of strings 

The value type of `aud` in JWT claims follows the specification of JWT, which changed to allow string type independently. I believe users had been sending login requests with single string `aud` prior to 1.16.3. We didn't include that type into our invalidation logic until 1.16.3.

Author: Ok, how about I change the wording of the paragraph to this:

> JWT auth roles of type "jwt" require the `bound_audiences` claim to match at
least one of the JWT's `aud` claims. The JWT's `aud` claim can be a single string
or a list of strings as per [RFC 7519 Section 4.1.3](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3).  Prior to 1.16.3, the JWT auth method
would ignore token `aud` claims that were not a list of strings.

Refer to the [LDAP auth method (API)](/vault/api-docs/auth/ldap) page for
more details on the configuration.

> ### JWT auth login requires bound audiences on the role
> 
> JWT auth roles of type "jwt" require the bound_audiences claim to match at
> least one of the JWT's aud claims. The JWT's aud claim can be a single string
> or a list of strings as per
> [RFC 7519 Section 4.1.3](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3).
> Prior to 1.16.3, the JWT auth method would ignore token aud claims that were
> not a list of strings.
> 
> The consequence of not configuring this correctly means users may not be able
> to login to Vault. To fix the issue, update the role's `bound_audiences`
> parameter to match the `aud` claim on the JWT.
> 
> Refer to the [JWT auth method (API)](/vault/api-docs/auth/jwt) page for
> more details on the configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<Warning title="JWT auth login requires bound audiences on the role">

  The bound_audience claim of "jwt" roles **must** match at least one of the
  associated `aud` claims. The `aud` claim can be a single string or a list of
  JSON web tokens that are
  [RFC 7519 Section 4.1.3](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc7519#section-4.1.3)
  compliant.

  Users may not be able to log into Vault if the JWT role is configured
  incorrectly. For additional details, refer to the
  [JWT auth method (API)](/vault/api-docs/auth/jwt) documentation.

</Warning>
```

Style correction: Write in active voice, avoid "this" as a pronoun, avoid possessives
